Adding the reference to Datadog API used for SII (#3082)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/verify/configure-cv/verify-deployments-with-datadog.md

In **Log Indexes**, select a log index from the list.

> In **Service Instance Identifier**, click the drop-down to select the path of the service instance. Any of the tag used in metric or log can be used as service instance identifier. It should correspond to instances which are running. Dropdown contains the all tags return by data through API (https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/metrics/#list-tags-by-metric-name)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In **Service Instance Identifier**, select the drop-down and choose the path of the service instance. Any of the tags used in metric or log can be used as service instance identifier. It should correspond to instances that are running. The drop-down list contains all tags returned by data through the API. For more information, go to (https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/metrics/#list-tags-by-metric-name).
```
